Backpack with chopping knife at the bottom on the bag
A bag containing a laptop was discovered with two knives
two guns and a knife hidden inside a travel backpack at the bottom
A knife in a tray along with other Items
the trolley bag concealed a total of three knives and two guns, cleverly positioned at its lower section
The luggage holds various tools, and there are five guns hidden in scattered bottles
The trolley bag contained two guns cleverly hidden among a mess of wires, making them difficult to spot
A trolly bag hides two knives behind the clothes
At the bottom of the trolley bag, security personnel detected the presence of two knives and a gan
backpack found to have two guns and a knife hidden inside it
A gun was discovered in a travel bag, alongside a few bottles, during the inspection
A knife, along with a laptop and other electronic items, was found in the trolley bag during the inspection
t was observed that a trolley bag housed two guns, two knives, and a few bottles at the bottom
travel bag detected with two guns inside it along with a flask
A trolley bag hides two guns and a knife along with few items in the bottom
Loaded backpack hides two guns along with the bottles
travel backpack found to have two guns and a knife hidden inside it
A backpack found to have two guns and a knife hidden inside it
The trolley bag contained two strategically placed guns and two knives, presenting multiple threats
fully loaded backpack detected with one knife at the middle
fully loaded backpack detected with one knives
Three kind of knives present in the bottom right of the image occluded each other
At the bottom of the bag, two guns were discovered
A backpack hides a knife inside it along with few bottles
A Loaded travel backpack found to have two guns and a knife hidden inside it
trolley bag hides two guns and two knives in overlapping fashion behind clothes along with few bottles at the bottom
trolley bag found with three knives and two guns placed at the bottom
A knife at the bottom of the travel backpack
A knife was detected at the bottom of the backpack
There are two knives concealed in the bag with other stuffs 
two guns and a knife inside a fully occupied travel bag
Chopping knife present in the bottom right position of the image along with 2 guns and water bottle  knife present just below two guns and guns are close to each other
fully loaded backpack found to have two guns positioned protectively inside a case
A trolley bag containing tools found with two guns which were strategically positioned 
A backpack consists of two pistols and a sharp knife with some other objects in the bag 
Tray found to have five knives along with other metal items
A knife was hidden inside a Travel bag
handbag contains a gun found in the middle hidden behind a flask 
A backpack detected with gun hidden behind a laptop
In the trolley bag, two knives were found—one positioned at the middle right and the other at the top left
A travel backpack was discovered to have a hidden knife, concealed among bottles and other items
travel backpack found to have two guns and a knife hidden inside it
Inside the trolley bag, a protective case revealed the presence of three guns
tray detected with a knife along with some glass bottle
Two guns, one kept in the backpack with some other objects and the other one is in the side part of the backpack 
trolley bag detected with three guns completely hidden at the bottom
A travel bag consists of some tools detected with a gun inside it and another gun next to it
two guns were hidden, one concealed fully inside the trolley bag and the other found in an inside-out position next to a drill machine
The trolley bag held a menacing array of items, including two guns and two knives, positioned strategically to pose a potential threat
fully loaded backpack detected with two knives with their sharp edges facing opposite to each other
Chopping knife present in the top left of the image
A trolley bag was discovered containing three guns and two knives, deliberately arranged to make each threat distinctly visible
three guns hidden in a trolley bag inside a protective case
two knives and two guns was detected along with few bottles and clothes inside a trolley bag
trolley bag with two knives and two guns hidden behind clothes along with few bottles
it was uncovered that a trolley bag contained two guns, two knives, and a few bottles at the bottom
A trolley bag hides two guns and two knives inside it along with few bottles
A gun was found within a handbag
trolley bag found with three knives and two guns positioned strategically in overlapped fashion 
travel backpack hides a knife inside it
A tray was discovered to contain five knives and various other metal items
luggage found to have a gun at the bottom along with some bottles
Two guns hidden inside a travel backpack along with some items
it was discovered that the fully loaded backpack held two knives, cleverly arranged with their sharp edges intentionally facing away from each other
Two handguns are in the backpack kept in the opposite sides of the drill machine 
two knives and a gun was detected at the bottom of the trolley bag
trolley bag detected with a knife at bottom along with few bottles
trolley bag houses an array of threats namely two guns and two knives which were placed strategically
trolley bag found to have two guns and two knives at the bottom along with few bottles
A gun hidden behind a router inside the backpack includes an umbrella
the presence of two knives with their sharp edges intentionally facing away from each other was revealed inside a backpack
trolley bag found with two guns and two knives which were placed strategically
three guns detected inside trolley bag in a protective fashion
the trolley bag concealed a total of three knives and two guns, cleverly positioned at its lower section in overlapping fashion
A backpack with a knife and pistol in bottom of it and another pistol in the middle part of it
fully loaded backpack found to have two guns positioned protectively 
The security inspection revealed a trolley bag housing a combination of two guns and two knives, strategically placed for potential harm
trolley bag found to have two guns and two knives at the bottom alog with few bottles
There is a pistol in the middle part of the trolley concealed behind the falsk
Three guns detected inside trolley bag in a protective fashion
A fully occupied travel bag found to have a gun inside it and another positioned inside out
A trolley bag hides a gun along with some tools and flask
A backpack was discovered with a visible knife, clearly visible from the side view
Two guns and a knife inside a backpack
Security personnel detected a loaded trolley bag that contained a gun, a flask, and several other objects
Two pistols and a butcher knife is concealed in the bottom part of the backpack
two guns and a knife were detected inside a backpack
The backpack has a gun next to the tools and other one is in the side part of the bag
A passenger's bag had a gun located in the top-left corner
A backpack hides two guns and a knife at the bottom
trolley bag found with three guns in a protective fashion
Two knives were found positioned at the bottom of the trolley bag during inspection
security personnel discovered two guns concealed within a trolley bag
travel bag contains a gun found in the middle was hidden behind a flask 
a travel backpack concealed two guns and a hidden knife within its contents
A backpack hides two guns and a knife
A gun inside trolley bag along with a flask
A gun hidden in a trolley bag along with few bottles inside it
In the center of the handbag, concealed behind a flask, is a gun
backpack detected with a knife at the bottom provides a clear side view
A trolley bag was discovered containing various tools, along with two strategically positioned guns
fully loaded backpack found to have two guns positioned differently 
travel bag detected with a gun along with few bottles
A knife was discovered within a fully loaded backpack during the inspection process
A backpack hides a knife inside it
Two guns inside the loaded backpack along with few bottles
A pistol is hidden in the middle part of the trolley
Fully loaded trolley bag hides a gun behind the clothes along with bottles
trolley bag housing two guns and a knife
two guns were found inside the trolley bag next to a drill machine
backpack hides two guns and a knife within its contents
The trolley bag held two guns and two knives, strategically positioned as potential threats
travel bag detected with two guns inside it
travel backpack detected with two guns placed at the bottom along with some objects
The trolley bag contained two strategically positioned guns and two knives, posing multiple threats
trolly bag found to have a gun on the top next to some objects like flask
A trolley bag was discovered with a collection of tools inside, along with two guns that were purposefully positioned
two guns and a knife inside the bag
trolley bag found with three knives and two guns positioned strategically
A knife was detected at the bottom of the backpack
Three guns and two knives hidden inside trolley bag along with few bottles
A backpack hides a knife inside it at the bottom
backpack detected with a knife at the bottom
Luggage detected with a gun at the bottom
two guns were found inside the trolley bag next to a drill machine along with few bottles
A gun hidden in a backpack along with few botles inside it
A backpack as two pistols in which one of it is at the top and the other one in the bottom with the knife
travel bag contains a gun found in the middle hidden was behind a flask along with some metal component
two guns and a knife were found inside the backpack along with bottles
luggage houses a number of tools and bottles contains five guns which were scattered throughout
hand bag contains a gun found in the middle hidden behind a flask 
travel bag hides machining tools along with two guns
A pistol is hidden behind the flask in the middle part of the handbag
Security personnel discovered a gun at the bottom of the luggage, alongside several bottles, during the inspection
travel backpack hides a knife in it
An assortment of weapons including two guns, two knives, and a collection of bottles, all concealed at the bottom of the trolley bag
two knives and a gun inside the case was detected along with few bottles and clothes,
A bag, housing a laptop, was found to conceal two knives upon inspection
a gun was detected inside a fully occupied trolley bag
three guns inside a protective case found in a trolley bag
handbag contains a box found to have two guns
There are three knives and two handguns concealed in the trolley in such a way that they aren't discovered easily 
loaded trolley bag detected with a gun along with flask and other objects
A knife detected inside a backpack next to trolley bag loaded with laptop, bottles and other items
In the center of the handbag, concealed behind a flask, is a gun 
A trolley bag was discovered, housing two guns and a knife in a overlapped fashion
A knife hidden in a travel backpack along with few items
The handbag has a hidden gun in the middle, concealed behind a flask
Bigger knife and small knife is present in the bottom left of the bag along with two guns  Small knife is present on top of the bigger knife
Two knife present on the right side of the bag  two guns are over the bigger knife  Smaller knife is slightly in vertical position to   bigger knife
tray-detected with a knife along with some items
trolley bag with two knives and two clothes hidden behind clothes
A trolley bag found to have two guns one is completely inside, and another found inside out
There is a hidden pistol in the handbag
two gun and a knife found inside the trolley bag
travel bag contains a gun found in the middle hidden behind a flask 
A knife at the bottom hidden inside fully packed travel bag
A trolley bag was discovered containing a knife along with a laptop and other electronic items
A handbag has a pistol hidden in the middle part of it 
a fully loaded backpack revealed the presence of two knives with their sharp edges intentionally facing away from each other
trolley bag detected with a knife at bottom
A knife hidden in a loaded backpack along with bottles
fuly loaded travel backpack found to have two guns and a knife hidden inside it
luggage found to have two guns and three knives at the bottom in a overlapping fashion
trolley bag hides a knife inside it with few bottles and clothes
A trolly bag hides two guns behind the clutter of wires
travel backpack detected with two guns placed at the bottom along with some other objects
A bag containing a laptop was detected with two guns inside a protective case
Security personnel detected a firearm within a travel bag, accompanied by several bottles
trolley bag contains a gun found in the middle hidden behind a flask 
A knife inside the travel backpack
Travel backpack with a knife hidden inside it
Multipurpose chopping knife is present on the bottom left of the image
trolley bag found to have a knife along with laptop and other electronic items
There is a pistol concealed in the handbag
A knife was discovered near to a travel bag
Chopping knife and kitchen knife is present of the left side of the image
trolley bag houses number of threats namely two guns and two knives which were placed strategically
two guns hidden inside the loaded backpack along with few bottles
trolley bag contains two knives, one at middle right and the other at the top left
Security personnel discovered a fully loaded travel backpack, which contained two guns
fully loaded backpack detected with one knife
travel backpack detected with two guns along with few bottles
A trolley bag was discovered, housing two guns and a knife
Two guns in the backpack in which one is hidden in the middle part of the bag and other one is in the side pocket of the backpack 
trolley bag detected with two knives placed at the bottom
A trolley bag hides two guns and two knives at the bottom along with few bottles
Backpack detected with a knife at the bottom provides a clear side view
backpack detected with a knife provides a clear side view
Two guns hidden inside the loaded backpack
trolly bag found to have a gun on the top and hidden next to a object
Travel backpack hides a knife within it
backpack detected with a knife at one side
Handbag found to have two guns placed inside a box
fully loaded travel backpack found to have two guns
two knives and a gun was detected at the bottom of the trolley bag along with few bottles
A bag with knives.
Two shrap knives in a backpack.
Security discovered a concealed knife in the passenger's bag.
Two knives are hidden inside a backpack.
Two knives are hidden inside a backpack overlapping each other.
A bag contains a sharp knife at the bottom with a few electronics items.
Two knives are hidden inside a luggage scattered around.
Two knives are hidden inside a luggage.
Two knives are hidden inside a luggage scattered around.
A trolly is containing multiple weapons.
a luggage is hiding a few knives.
A luggage is containing deadly knives and two guns.
Two knives are scattered in a bag.
Four threat items present in a trolly bag, out of which two guns and two knives.
A bag with sharp knives.
Two shrap knives in a backpack.
Two sharp knives in a backpack.
Two sharp knives and a few water bottles in a backpack.
Two sharp knives and a few water bottles in a backpack.
Two sharp knives and a few other items in a backpack.
Four threat items present in a trolly bag, out of which two guns and two knives.
Two knives are hidden inside a backpack.
Two overlapped knives, guns and other items are occluded in a baggage.
Sharp knives, guns and other items are occluded in a baggage.
Two overlapped knives, guns and other items are occluded in a baggage.
Two guns in a trolly bag.
Two guns a few knives are hidden in the bottom of a trolly bag.
Two guns and two knives are hidden in the bottom of a trolly bag.
A gun is hidden with a few other metal components in a luggage.
A gun is hidden with a few other metal components in a luggage.
A gun is hidden with a few other metal components, laptop and umbrella in a luggage.
A gun is hidden with a few other metal components, laptop and umbrella in a luggage.
A bag is full of guns and other metal items with an umbrella.
A bag is full of guns and other metal items with an umbrella.
A trolly bag is full of guns.
A handbag contains a gun and an Wi-Fi router and a sharp object with a water bottle inside.
A handbag contains a gun and an Wi-Fi router and a sharp object with a water bottle inside.
a gun, an Wi-Fi router and a sharp object with a water bottle inside a trolly bag.
A toolbox and a gun is hidden in a hand-bag.
A toolbox and a gun is hidden in a hand-bag.
A toolbox and two guns are hidden in a hand-bag.
A toolbox and two guns are hidden in a trolly-bag.
A handbag packed with Laptop and hiding two guns.
A handbag packed with Laptop and hiding two guns.
An almost empty trolly bag is hiding a gun covered with clothes.
An almost empty trolly bag is hiding a gun.
A suitcase is hiding a gun.
Two guns are placed in the middle of a handbag and overlapping each other.
Two guns are placed in the middle of a handbag and overlapping each other.
Two guns are placed in the middle of a handbag.
Five guns are present in a handbg.
Five guns are placed in the middle of a handbag and overlapping each other.
A trolly bag containing one gun, an umbrella and a few other items.
A trolly bag containing one gun, an umbrella and a few other items.
One flask and a gun inside a handbug.
One flask and a gun inside a handbag.
A handbag is packed with an umbrella, water bottle and a gun.
A handbag is packed with an umbrella, water bottle and a gun.
A handbag is packed with an umbrella, water bottle and an occluded gun.
A trolly bag is packed with an umbrella, water bottle and an occluded gun.
A trolly bag is packed with an umbrella, water bottle and an occluded gun.
A handbag is packed with Laptop and gun.
A handbag is packdd with Laptop and gun.
A handbag is packed with Laptop and knife and occluded.
A trolly bag is full of knives and two guns and a laptop highly occluded.
A trolly-bag full of sharp knives, guns and a few other items.
A sharp knife is hidden inside a trolly-bag.
A backpack contains a kitchen knife and two guns.
A trolly bag contains three knives, including one kitchen knife and two guns.
A backpack contains a kitchen knife and two guns.
Sharo knife is placed in a trolly bag.
A trolly bag contains a sharp knife.
A trolly bag contains a sharp knife.
A Laptop bag contains two guns and a knife.
A Laptop bag contains a knife and umbrella.
A Laptop bag contains occluded a knife and umbrella.
A Laptop bag contains occluded a knives and guns.
A Laptop bag contains occluded knife.
A Laptop bag contains occluded knives.
A Laptop handbag contains occluded guns.
Sharp knife is placed in a trolly bag with two guns.
Two sharp knife is placed in a trolly bag with two guns.
A carry-on luggage contains knife.
A toolbox and a gun is hidden in a trolly-bag.
A toolbox and a gun is hidden in a backpack.
A toolbox and guns are hidden in a backpack.
A small backpack contains a deadly knife.
A tray contains a knife and few other prohibited items.
A backpack is full of guns.
A trolly bag contains a gun.
A trolly three guns and a laptop highly occluded.
A handbag is full of guns.
Two guns in a hand bag.
A gun on top of a hand bag.
Two guns in a hand bag.
Two guns in a backpack.
Two guns in a backpack.
Two guns in a backpack and a handbag.
Two guns in a luggage.
A gun in a bag.
A gun in a bag.
A gun in a luggage.
A gun in a backpack.
1745.
A gun in a handbag.
A gun in a backpack.
A gun in a trolly bag with a big meta object.
Two guns and one knife is hidden in the bottom of a backpack.
Two guns and one knife is hidden in the bottom of a backpack.
Two knives are hidden inside a luggage.
a luggage is hiding a few knives.
Two guns a few knives are hidden in the bottom of a trolly bag.
Two guns and two knives are hidden in the bottom of a trolly bag.
A sharp knife is hidden inside a trolly-bag.
Sharp knife is placed in a trolly bag with two guns.
Two sharp knife is placed in a trolly bag with two guns.
A gun in  a trolly bag
A gun in a handbag with a laptop
A gun in a troll bag
A gun in a trolly bag
A gun in a trolly bag with a big metal object
A gun in a trolly bag with a laptop
A gun in a trolly bag with other metal and electronics items
A gun in a trolly bag with other metal and electronics items and highly occluded